feat(xo-server,xo-web/host/advanced): add IOMMU state (#5294)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “Nice enhancement, I'm eager to test it”

> - [Host/Advanced] Add the field `IOMMU` if it is defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Host/Advanced] Add the field `IOMMU` if it is defined (PR [#5294](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5294))
```

> - [Host] Add the field `Iommu` on advanced tab, if he is defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Host/Advanced] Add the field `IOMMU` if it is defined
```

> - major: if the change breaks compatibility
>
> In case of conflict, the highest (lowest in previous list) `$version` wins.

xo-server minor

> xo-web minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- xo-server minor
- xo-web minor
```
